Update virtual-machine-scale-sets-autoscale-portal.md (#80460)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machine-scale-sets/virtual-machine-scale-sets-autoscale-portal.md

    | *Cool down (minutes)*  | The amount of time to wait before the rule is applied again so that the autoscale actions have time to take effect. | 5 minutes      |

    The following examples show a rule created in the Azure portal that matches these settings:
    

>   *Note : Tasks running inside the instance will abruply stop and the instance scales down once it completes the cooling period.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > [!NOTE]
  > Tasks running inside the instance will abruptly stop and the instance will scale down once it completes the cooling period.
```
